how do you do Darlington farm here just
over here in the woodshop having early
frustrating morning yesterday while I
was working the jackscrew here on my
Shark Pro Plus came loose it's the will
actually rather the coupling that
connects the servo here or the stepper
motor here - this is the jackscrew here
there's a little coupling in there well
if you can see that or not how well
that's focused anyway there's an allen
wrench in there an Allen screw in there
and I have put Loctite on this I have
put thread Locker on this damn thing but
it just keeps working loose it's this
lead screw that goes all the way across
here and it is really frustrating it
came loose about four hours into this
panel and there rather another one of
these panels and destroyed it which is
really irritating if anybody out there
has a good solution to fixing this I
would be obliged to hear it and if
you're out there and looking to buy a
shark Pro Plus like this for any sort of
production work or as anything but just
a toy I would recommend against it
there's a lot of flex in here
in the carriage and it just it is not up
to it and also if there's anybody out
there that has any suggestions for a
good lube for this I've tried silicone
I've tried graphite and I've tried to
tell on and honestly what I found that
works the best is a little PB Blaster
and wipe it on with a rag that seems to
be working the best for me right now
anyway yes my venting my frustrations
here I'm gonna try putting the sucker
back together I said to take it out and
tighten it up but this is really getting
old having the damn thing you know work
glues every time I try and do any sort
of large project you know if you're just
doing small little piddly stuff it's
fine but you know this you know that
Celtic knot here is about a four-hour
run and it's just really irritating
losing you know half a day's you know
time over here because something's
stupid goes wrong with this thing anyway
yeah there's my ran to the morning so
thanks for watching and click on
subscribe